
1. 写标题 title/topic sentence

Suggest 5 titles for the following abstract

2. 写关键词 keywords
 
 Provide 5 keywords for this abstract

3. 写摘要 abstract

Generate an abstract for a scientific paper based on this information for:


4. 写介绍 introduction

Come up with an introduction for the following research topic:



5. 写综述部分

Rewrite the following text into an academic literature review, which an replace the name of the major and make the logic more coherent. Remember to keep all literature citations:


6. 写方法论 methodology
Rewrite the following text into an academic method, which an replace the name of the major and make the logic more coherent. Remember to keep all literature citations:



7. 实验部分 experiment
Rewrite the following text into an academic experiment, which an replace the name of the major and make the logic more coherent. Remember to keep all literature citations:

8. 结果部分 results
Rewrite the following text into an academic results, which an replace the name of the major and make the logic more coherent. Remember to keep all literature citations:

9. discussion
Rewrite the following text into an English academic discussion, which an replace the name of the major and make the logic more coherent. Remember to keep all literature citations:

10. conclusion
Please, according to the contents, generate an conclusion for a scientific paper:


11. future work
Please, according to the topic, propose three future development directions: the topic is:

12. 内容降重
Please act as an expert in computer vision and remote sensing field to stress the text. If there are 13 consecutive words in the text, it is repeated. You need to adjust the subject-verb and object order to replace synonyms, increase or decrease the number of words, and adjust the logic more smoothly,  to achieve the purpose of deemphasizing the paper. Please modify the following paragraph:


$$\bar{a}$$

$$
\begin{pmatrix}
a_1 & b_1 & c_1 & d_1 \\
a_2 & b_2 & c_2 & d_2 \\
\vdots & \vdots & \vdots & \vdots \\
a_n & b_n & c_n & d_n
\end{pmatrix}
$$

$$
\begin{pmatrix}
\mu_{a} & \mu_{b} & \mu_{c} & \mu_{d}
\end{pmatrix}
$$

$$D_l=\{(x_{l\_\,pre}^{\mathcal{i}}\;,\;x_{l\_\,post}^{\mathcal{i}})\;,\; y_l\}_{\mathcal{i=1}}^{M} \quad y_l\in\{0,1,2,3\}^L$$
$$\_$$
$$D_u=\{(x_{u\_\,pre}^{\mathcal{i}}\;,\;x_{u\_\,post}^{\mathcal{i}}) \}_{\mathcal{i=1}}^{N}$$